[Be aware](https://domains.google/learn/5-things-to-watch-out-for-when-buying-a-domain/#/)
 1. Watch out for hidden fees: As with any buying decision, price can be a big factor. It’s easy to be lured into buying a domain at a very low price. But don’t be fooled: some domain registrars offer promotional pricing at an extremely low cost, but then hide lots of fees in the contract, lock you in, and charge high renewal rates. Generally, be aware that registrars offering rock-bottom domain prices may have other, less-than-ethical ways to make money. 
 2. Protect your privacy: Because domain details are public record in the WHOIS directory, many businesses choose to keep their personal information private. Unprotected data is susceptible to being mined by spammers and scammers. *Look for domain registrars who offer WHOIS privacy for free*. Beware of registrars who charge a premium for “privacy services,” especially any who offer to put their details on the WHOIS registry instead of yours, which secretly gives them ownership of the domain.
 3. Protect your data: Beyond failing to protect your personal data from the public records, some registrars actually sell your data to third parties such as marketing organizations. Some registrars even mine the WHOIS database and send out false renewal invoices, getting people to unknowingly transfer their domains. Make sure to find a registrar that promises never to sell or misuse customer data for marketing purposes.
 4. Focus on transparency: Look for registrars that offer transparency in their pricing and practices. For example, you should be able to see your renewal rates, and the processes for transferring or cancelling your domain registration. Some registrars offer cheap registration for your initial purchase, but then charge you sky-high prices to renew your domain. They also may make it very difficult to cancel your order. Look for a registrar with up-front pricing information and terms of service to avoid surprises later on.
 5. Differentiate support from sales: Some registrars don’t have support staff, but instead have salespeople who are trained to get you to buy add-on services you may not need, while pretending to offer customer support. Read reviews about your registrar’s support team, or try calling their support line before purchasing. You want a registrar that offers courteous and professional service and assistance, not one that views you as simply a cash register they keep trying to ring.